README.md, before:

Cougar
======
 
Welcome to Cougar!

Cougar is a framework for making building network exposed service interfaces easy. It supports multiple paradigms of interface interaction over multiple network transports and protocols. It has an asynchronous core, supporting high throughput, highly concurrent implementations, and yet offers simpler synchronous interfaces when you want to trade speed for simpler code. It also comprises an interface definition language, client and server stub generator, plus a whole bunch of other goodies to make your life as simple as possible and to free you up to implement your business logic.

Read more on [Cougar's site](http://betfair.github.io/cougar).

Project admin
-------------

[Project tasks](ProjectTasks.md)

[Sonar report](http://nemo.sonarqube.org/dashboard/index?id=com.betfair.cougar%3Acougar-master-pom)

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/betfair/cougar.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/betfair/cougar)

Licensing & Copyright
---------------------

Main project: Copyright 2013-2014, The Sporting Exchange Limited. Specific files may differ.

Cougar is covered by "[The Apache License, Version 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html)":

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.

Neither the copyright notices nor the license may removed or changed except with permission of the copyright holders or in compliance of the license terms.

Commit message:

Rename cougar to disco in file content

README.md, after:

Disco
======
 
Welcome to Disco!

Disco is a framework for making building network exposed service interfaces easy. It supports multiple paradigms of interface interaction over multiple network transports and protocols. It has an asynchronous core, supporting high throughput, highly concurrent implementations, and yet offers simpler synchronous interfaces when you want to trade speed for simpler code. It also comprises an interface definition language, client and server stub generator, plus a whole bunch of other goodies to make your life as simple as possible and to free you up to implement your business logic.

Read more on [Disco's site](http://betfair.github.io/disco).

Project admin
-------------

[Project tasks](ProjectTasks.md)

[Sonar report](http://nemo.sonarqube.org/dashboard/index?id=uk.co.exemel.disco%3Adisco-master-pom)

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/betfair/disco.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/betfair/disco)

Licensing & Copyright
---------------------

Main project: Copyright 2013-2014, The Sporting Exchange Limited. Specific files may differ.

Disco is covered by "[The Apache License, Version 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html)":

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.

Neither the copyright notices nor the license may removed or changed except with permission of the copyright holders or in compliance of the license terms.
